Improve documentation of `from_openmm` and related features (#1008)
openforcefield/openff-interchange: docs/using/edges.md

# Sharp edges

## Quirks of `from_openmm`

### Modified masses are ignored

> The OpenFF Toolkit does not support isotopes or modifiying masses from the values defined in the periodic table. In the `Topology` and `Molecule` classes, particles masses are defined only by their atomic number. When topologies are read from OpenMM, the particle mass is ignored and the atomic number of the element is read and used to define the atomic properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenFF Toolkit does not support isotopes or atomic masses other than the values defined in the periodic table. In the `Topology` and `Molecule` classes, particles masses are defined only by their atomic number. When topologies are read from OpenMM, the particle mass is ignored and the atomic number of the element is read and used to define the atomic properties.
```

> The OpenFF Toolkit does not support isotopes or modifiying masses from the values defined in the periodic table. In the `Topology` and `Molecule` classes, particles masses are defined only by their atomic number. When topologies are read from OpenMM, the particle mass is ignored and the atomic number of the element is read and used to define the atomic properties.

Reviewer: Alternate:

```suggestion
The OpenFF Toolkit does not support isotopes or modifying masses from the values defined in the periodic table. In the `Topology` and `Molecule` classes, particles masses are defined only by their atomic number. When topologies are read from OpenMM, the particle mass is ignored and the atomic number of the element is read and used to define the atomic properties.
```

> As a consequence, systems with hydrogen mass repartitioning (HMR) applied have HMR "un-done" (masses are effectively shifted from hydrogens back to their heavy atoms). To re-apply HMR (shift masses back to hydrogens), use the API at export time, likely with a `hydrogen_mass` argument in an export method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a consequence, any hydrogen mass repartitioning (HMR) applied to a system is "un-done" upon import --- mass is shifted back from hydrogens to their heavy atoms. To re-apply HMR (shift masses back to hydrogens), use the appropriate API at export time, typically with an export method's `hydrogen_mass` argument.
```

For updates, [search "HMR" in the issue tracker](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Aopenforcefield%2Fopenff-interchange+hmr&type=issues&s=updated&o=desc) or raise a [new issue](https://github.com/openforcefield/openff-interchange/issues/new/choose).

Keywords: OpenMM, HMR, hydrogen mass repartioning

### Force constants of constrained bonds may be lost in conversions

> Commonly, OpenMM systems prepared by other tools constrain bonds (i.e. bonds between hydrogen and heavy atoms) and/or use rigid waters. These (topological) bonds lack force constants, which may be required by other engines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commonly, OpenMM systems prepared by other tools constrain bonds (i.e. bonds between hydrogen and heavy atoms) and/or use rigid water models. These topological bonds lack force constants, which are required by some other engines even though they do not affect the behavior of the simulation.
```

> For example, consider an OpenMM system prepared, from the OpenMM API, with `ForceField.createSystem(..., constraints=HBonds, rigidWaters=True)` and then imported with `Interchange.from_openmm`. The constrained bonds (including all bonds in waters) don't contain physics parameters (force constant `k` and equilibrium bond length). (These parameters are allowed to exist in a `HarmonicBondForce`, and sometimes they do, but there's also no reason for them to be defined when running OpenMM simulations with these constraints, so they're usually dropped.) When exporting this system to GROMACS or another engine that needs these parameters, the export will either crash due to missing parameters or silently write a file with some missing or blank parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, consider an OpenMM system prepared, from the OpenMM API, with `ForceField.createSystem(..., constraints=HBonds, rigidWaters=True)` and then imported with `Interchange.from_openmm`. The constrained bonds, including all bonds in waters, don't contain physics parameters (particularly the force constant `k`). These parameters are typically dropped from the corresponding `HarmonicBondForce` when running OpenMM simulations with these sorts of constraints. When exporting this system to GROMACS or another engine that needs these parameters, the export will either crash due to missing parameters or silently write a file with some missing or blank parameters.
```

Also I'm pretty sure it is possible at least in GROMACS to define a constraint where there is no bond - you can specify a bond length in an entry in the `[constraints]` directive rather than have it take the corresponding entry in `[bonds]`

For more, see [issue #1005](https://github.com/openforcefield/openff-interchange/issues/1005#issue-2405679510).

Keywords: OpenMM, GROMACS, constraints, bond constraints, rigid water

## Quirks with GROMACS

> ### Residue indices must be begin at 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Residue indices must begin at 1
```
